---
layout: page
title: Data
---

Below is a curated list of publicly available civic data sets to work with. They
are available in various formats and methods. If you would like any help in
working with this data, feel free to [join us in
Slack](http://devict-slackin.herokuapp.com) in the #OpenWichita channel and ask the community for
assistance!

## Local

**[City of Wichita Kansas Open Data Portal](http://opendata.wichita.gov)**
-- Search for, access and download a variety of data sets including many
GIS data sets maintained by the City of Wichita's GIS division.

**[County Health Rankings &
Roadmaps](http://www.countyhealthrankings.org/app/kansas/2018/overview)** --
Find out how healthy a county is and explore factors that drive health. The
County Health Rankings & Roadmaps (CHR&R) website is a program of the Robert
Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) and is a collaboration between RWJF and the
University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute.

## Regional/State

**[The Wichita Eagle and
Kansas.com](http://kansas.com/site-services/databases)** -- Databases and
directories from around Wichita and KS. Databases include info for Salary
database, Restaurant database and Moose database.

**[Kansas Data
Sources](http://www.countyhealthrankings.org/using-the-rankings-data/finding-more-data/kansas)**
-- A portal to a number of other Kansas data sets on health, education and crime
on the County Health Rankings & Roadmaps (CHR&R) website, which is a program of
the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) and is a collaboration between RWJF
and the University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute.

**[KansasOpenGov](http://www.kansasopengov.org/)** -- A free service provided by
[Kansas Policy Institute](http://www.kansaspolicy.org/).  KPI is an independent
think-tank that advocates for free market solutions and the protection of
personal freedom for all Kansans.

**[State of Missouri](https://data.mo.gov/)** -- The official State of Missouri
data sets and views.

**[WSU’s Center for Economic Development and Business Research
(CEDBR)](http://www.cedbr.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=719&Itemid=77)**
-- Regional storehouse for local, state and national statistical and business
databases on business and economics.

## National

**[Data.gov](http://data.gov/)** -- The U.S. Government’s open data portal,
which includes data, tools and resources to conduct research, develop web and
mobile applications, design data visualizations and more.

**[The White House Open Gov Initiative](https://open.whitehouse.gov/)** --  A
complete collection of White House data sets.

**[Sunlight Foundation Data and APIs](http://sunlightfoundation.com/api/)** --
Provide free data sets and APIs for state and national data.

**[Community Commons](http://www.communitycommons.org/maps-data/)** -- Data,
tools and stories come together to inspire change and improve communities
through public access to thousands of meaningful data layers that allow mapping
and reporting capabilities to explore community health. Managed by the
three-organization team: [Institute for People, Place and Possibility
(IP3)](http://www.i-p3.org/), the [Center for Applied Research and Environmental
Systems](http://www.cares.missouri.edu/), and [Community
Initiatives](http://www.communityinitiatives.com/).

---

_Note_: These resources have been provided for information only. Use of any data
set is between the user and the data provider as covered by their terms of
service. To have your data set added or removed, contact us at <a
href="/web/20160224021449/https://openwichita.org/">OpenWichita.org</a>
(sethetter [at] gmail [dot] com).</p>
